c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\Menu\Deserts.txt
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\Menu\Drinks.txt
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\Menu\MainCourses.txt
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\Menu\Snacks.txt
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\WhiteRabbit2.exe.config
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\WhiteRabbit2.exe
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\WhiteRabbit2.pdb
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.AllOrders.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.CreateNewOrder.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.Main.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.Migrations.Menu.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.exe
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.pdb
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.AddCoursesToOrder.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Release\WhiteRabbit2.CheckForm.resources
