c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.exe.config
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.exe
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.pdb
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.exe
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.pdb
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Menu\Deserts.txt
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Menu\Drinks.txt
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Menu\MainCourses.txt
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Menu\Snacks.txt
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.Migrations.Menu.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.Main.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.AllOrders.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.CreateNewOrder.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.AddCoursesToOrder.resources
c:\users\polina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.CheckForm.resources
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.exe.config
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.exe
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.pdb
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Menu\Deserts.txt
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Menu\Drinks.txt
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Menu\MainCourses.txt
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Menu\Snacks.txt
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.exe
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.pdb
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.AddCoursesToOrder.resources
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.AllOrders.resources
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.CheckForm.resources
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.CreateNewOrder.resources
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.Main.resources
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.Migrations.Menu.resources
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\obj\Debug\WhiteRabbit2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Database\Database.mdf
C:\Users\Polina\Documents\GitHub\test\WhiteRabbit2\WhiteRabbit2\bin\Debug\Database\Database_log.ldf
